Make docs more LLM friendly (#29566)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs/dagster-plus/deployment/deployment-types/multi-tenancy.md

---

> description: Manage multiple projects and teams in Dagster+ using multi-tenancy with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Use multi-tenancy in Dagster+ to manage multiple projects and teams and isolate execution context between projects.
```
